I have a request someone I want to see
Sherlock Holmes mr. Holmes you must
widen your gaze you underestimate the
gravity of coming events tomorrow at
midday the world as you know it will
then
well there isn't any time to waste them
is that
the witness stated that he saw Lord
Blackwood rise from the grave want you
to find him and stop it daft take every
out of my not inconsiderable experience
maybe a hobby deems the homes what I do
it freely it does make a considerable
difference we having someone with me I'm
Who am I can thoroughly
you've never complained about my methods
before I never complain where do I
complain about you practicing the violin
at three in the morning or your mess
your general lack of Hygiene or the fact
that you steal my clothes the lady homes
as your depravity no no bounce no
awesome what have you done
madam I needed to remain calm and trust
me i'm a professional but greet this
pillow is the key to i release